Documentation changes for 3.5 release (#1069)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/monitoring_stack.rst

.. note::
   If you are running Scylla-Manager on the same host as Scylla-Monitoring you should use -l flag so that the localhost address
   will be available from within the container.
   

> Connecting to Scylla-Monitoring to Scylla

Reviewer: Strange wording.
Is it "Connecting Scylla-Monitoring to Scylla" ?

Author: Yes

.........................................

> Scylla-Manager version 3.5 and higher can read tables from a Scylla node. If your Scylla cluster is user/password protected,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scylla-Manager version 3.5 and higher can read tables from a Scylla using CQL. If your Scylla cluster is user/password protected (see `Scylla  Authorization <https://docs.scylladb.com/operating-scylla/security/enable-authorization/>_) 
```
